Aydian Ethan Dowling has around 40,000 votes to win the publication's annual Ultimate Guy Search. He would follow Iraq war veteran and amputee Noah Galloway, who clinched the top spot last year. The competition aims to find a man 'who possesses all of the qualities that make up today's well-rounded, active, health-conscious and thoughtful guy'
The Belmond Hotel Cipriani is on the island of Giudecca, just a few minutes by water taxi from Saint Mark’s Square. George and Amal's wedding celebrations lasted over the course of a whole weekend and were at some of Venice's most exclusive venues. Guests included Cindy Crawford, Bill Murray, Emily Blunt and Matt Damon, U2 lead singer Bono and Anna Wintour.
Deborah, 43, from Lanarkshire, has naturally curly hair. But home colouring has left it dry and out of condition. Taming frizzy hair can be a constant battle. We sent Deborah to the Taylor Ferguson salon in Glasgow for the Nanokeratin System Hair Relaxing Treatment. It promises frizz-free hair for up to four months.
Alex Elenes went on a trip of a lifetime to see the Amazon rainforest...but he missed the whole thing being asleep. The pictures were captured by his cousin Roxy de la Rosa who posted them on Reddit. Cousin Roxy said that her slumbering companion had been the one to push for the trip and that he chose the trip over going to Machu Picchu.
Claim was made by the commander of Russian Space Command. Oleg Maidanovich said someone was hiding satellites as space junk. But in a film he refused to name the country behind the ruse. The official refused to comment on how many such satellites there were. It suggests there could be more satellites than thought monitoring different countries on Earth.
In Neolithic times trepanation -- or drilling a hole into the skull -- was thought to be a cure for everything from epilepsy to migraines. The implement often used to carry out the primitive surgery was made from one of the sharpest substances found in nature -- obsidian. Obsidian -- a type of volcanic glass -- can produce cutting edges many times finer than even the best steel scalpels.
Grey and white cat Marv somehow managed to get wedged in a five inch gap in between owner Brendon Veale's garage and his neighbours in Hanham, Bristol. The rescue unfolded last Wednesday when a neighbour heard miaowing coming from the side of his garage. The RSPCA were called and they too were unable to coax the pet from the gap. Eventually firefighters had to tunnel through a garage wall with a chisel to get him free.
Steven Gerrard's Liverpool career will come to an end at Stoke City on May 24. Gerrard's final game at Anfield will be against Crystal Palace on May 16. Liverpool captain is likely to begin his new career in mid-July with MLS side LA Galaxy. Gerrard was hoping to end his Liverpool career in the FA Cup final at Wembley. Liverpool lost 1-0 to Aston Villa in Sunday's FA Cup semi-final.
Tinder has added the ability to let people add their latest Instagram snaps to their profile. Firm's latest update automatically shows the latest pictures posted to Facebook's site. Tinder also said it had improved its mutual friends feature. It is also preparing an overhaul of the way profiles look, expanding the number of interests people can add.
Firefighters responded to cries for help - from two parrots. Crew scoured a burning home in Boise, Idaho, searching for people shouting 'Help!' and 'Fire!' Eventually, to their surprise, they found a pair of squawking birds. Both were pulled from the home and given oxygen. They are expected to survive.
Since Monday, over-55s have been able to withdraw all or part of their pension pots instead of being forced to buy a regular pension income for life, known as an annuity. Pension firms said Britons remained baffled about how the radical changes worked, with many unaware of age restrictions or tax implications. One major provider reported that customers in their 20s had been calling up to withdraw their retirement savings.
Raheem Sterling has not yet signed a new contract at Liverpool. Sterling suggested he was considering his future in an interview last week. But Brendan Rodgers insists Sterling has never said he wants to leave the club. Rodgers says Sterling will continue to play throughout the rest of the season.
QPR drew 3-3 with Aston Villa at Villa Park on Saturday. Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick to earn a point for Villa. Matt Phillips had given QPR the lead in the first half. Tony Fernandes was watching the game from afar on his iPhone. The QPR chairman spoke of his despair and pride.
Service is available in the US for $14.99 (£9.90) a month. It includes all past, present and future HBO programming. App is also rolling out on the App Store today, according to MacRumours. Users can also access the HBO NOW website to stream content on the web using a Mac - similar to Netflix. It will be exclusively available through Apple for three months before moving on to other platforms.
Switzerland took the top spot from Denmark in 2015, rising from third to first place in this year's list of the world's happiest countries. The U.N. General Assembly declared March 20 as World Happiness Day in 2012. The Sustainable Development Solutions Network hopes to encourage governments to measure and improve their people's happiness.
Katia Apalategui was inspired after seeing her mother cope with the loss of her husband by clinging to his pillowcase. She came up with a more permanent way to capture a person's individual scent in a bid to help others in mourning. To help develop her idea, she teamed up with the Havre university in France, where researchers have developed a technique to reproduce the human smell.
Research focused on POMC neurons, which are a structure called the hypothalamus. They send and receive signals to regulate appetite. When they are absent, or not working properly, animals and humans grow dangerously obese. University of Michigan team looked at how a protein called a transcription factor, and two small stretches of DNA called enhancers, act as triggers for the Pomc gene.
Hatton Garden Safe Deposit Ltd. was robbed over the Easter weekend, police say. About 60-70 safe deposit boxes were opened during the burglary, they say. A former police official puts the haul at as much as 200 million pounds, or $300 million. Hatton Garden is a storied area in London and the heart of the diamond trade.
Aboriginal Model Management Australia is an exclusively Aboriginal modelling agency. Founder Kira-Lea Dargin hopes 10 of her girls will join Samantha Harris at next year's fashion week. The agency is about to take on a whole new approach when casting begin for both female and male models aged anywhere up to 60 years old across five capital cities. Big family chain stores are particularly interested in hiring Aboriginal models for their catalogue campaigns.
Over the weekend ISIS moved into towns just to the north of Ramadi, which lies 68 miles (110km) west of Baghdad. ISIS had already blocked off access from the south months ago, and the west was contested territory. The east, until now, was not just a relatively safe zone but the only viable entrance and exit.
Floyd Mayweather has earned more than $400million in his career. The boxer is not shy about sharing his extravagant purchases on social media. Sportsmail looks at his vast collection of super cars, private jets and jewellery. Mayweather has bought over 100 cars over the last 18 years, including 16 Rolls-Royces.
The monster vegetable weighs more than a three-year-old child. It had been nicknamed the 'fat little girl' in the village where it was grown. It was grown by keen gardener Mr Li who claimed the specimen had become a big attraction and pictures of it have even gone viral.
Wales climbed to 22, their highest-ever position in football's world order, in the April rankings to move within eight places of England. Chris Coleman's side are unbeaten in Euro 2016 qualifying and would be within touching distance of the finals in France should they beat Belgium in June. Ramsey admits the banter with the likes of Theo Walcott, Jack Wilshere and Danny Welbeck is already flying on the Arsenal training ground.
Four out of ten people think Prince Charles should give up his right to be king so the crown passes straight to William. William and Prince Harry are the most popular members of the Royal Family, closely followed by the Queen and the Duchess of Cambridge. Prince Andrew languishes at the bottom of the popularity table, with his brother Edward not far ahead.
In two years the Thames Bath Lido, which will sit near Blackfriars Bridge, should open with the backing of a recently launched crowdfunding project. The plans have moved far quicker than an initial ten-year initiative to clean up the Thames for swimmers with the aid of celebrities such as Tracy Emin and David Walliams. The plan is to incorporate two pools, a 25 meter lap pool and a training pool.
Jeremy Hunt promised an immediate crackdown if his party is in power after the election. Comments led a storm of reaction from all political parties, as well as health experts and medical professionals. The Mail yesterday revealed how hospital bosses had taken £35million in pay rises during the worst funding crisis in a generation.
A new CNN/ORC poll finds 57% feel businesses such as caterers or florists should be required to serve gay or lesbian couples just as they would heterosexual couples. That's a shift from a Pew Research Center poll conducted last fall, which found just 49% thought businesses ought to serve same-sex couples.
Police said the thin yellow rope was tied into a noose at about 2 a.m. Wednesday on the Bryan Center plaza in Durham, North Carolina. The area in which the noose was found is home to several offices focused on diversity including the Center for Sexual and Gender Diversity. University administrators and the police are now carrying out an investigation. Students took to social media sites to discuss the issue, with many believing it was racially motivated.
Russian warship and two bombers strayed close to UK territory yesterday. destroyer equipped with missiles, anti-aircraft guns and torpedoes entered the English Channel along with two other Russian ships. It forced the UK to send a heavily-armed frigate to monitor the vessels. Just a few hours later, two Russian long-range Bear bombers, capable of carrying nuclear missiles, hugged British airspace – prompting the RAF to deploy two Typhoon fighter jets. Sources claim both incidents may have been an attempt to 'snoop' on a huge Nato war games exercise taking place in Scotland.
The Philadelphia Eagles officially signed 27-year-old quarterback Tim Tebow to a one-year deal on Monday. Tebow hasn't played a snap in the NFL since being cut by the New England Patriots before the 2013 season. The team announced the contract Monday but did not disclose the financial terms of the deal the club reached with the 2007 Heisman Trophy winner. He will wear No. 11 with the team.
Kathy Ferreiro, 21, is hoping to be Cuba's answer to Kim Kardashian. The Miami-based Latina has been dubbed the 'Cuban Kim Kardashian' Has a huge following in Colombia and other Latin American countries. Her Instagram and Twitter accounts are attracting new followers daily.
Attorneys for the family said in a statement Wednesday night that the wrongful death lawsuit would be filed Thursday. The lawsuit had been expected. Attorneys for Brown's mother, Lesley McSpadden, and his father, Michael Brown Sr., announced at a press conference in early March that the lawsuit would also name former Officer Darren Wilson, who shot Brown.
John Goodwin, 75, went on trial this week on six counts of aggravated felonious sexual assault. Prosecutors said that Atkinson, who pleaded not guilty, repeatedly sexually assaulted a student, who is now 24 years old. Court officials say the jury was deliberating when Goodwin shot himself late Friday morning near his car in a parking lot outside Rockingham County Superior Courthouse. He was not in custody at the time and his health status has not been disclosed, though he was airlifted to hospita.
Sergeant Edwin Mee, 46, accused of raping and molesting 11 young women. Allegedly carried out attacks on women aged from 15 to their early twenties. Alleged victims, who were desperate for jobs, were unaware of their rights. Mee denies 17 counts of sexual assault, three counts of rape and one count of assault by penetration relating to 11 young cadets.
Toto Wolff says Mercedes may have to make 'unpopular calls' for their drivers. Mercedes are under pressure from Ferrari in the Formula One title race. Nico Rosberg complained about Lewis Hamilton's driving during the Chinese Grand Prix. Hamilton won the race and has won two of the three races this season.
Gary Mabbutt, 53, woke up at 1am to find his leg had gone cold. His diabetes had led to a clogged artery in the limb and doctors warned him it was 'touch and go' on whether the leg would have to be amputated. He was treated at King's College Hospital in South East London, undergoing an emergency five-hour operation. Surgeons needed to replace the main artery in his left leg with a vein and needed 112 staples to seal the horrific wound.
Bristol County Sheriff Thomas Hodgson said Hernandez knows how to use his charm and manipulate better than anyone he has ever seen. Hernandez was convicted April 15 of the 2013 killing of Odin Lloyd, who was dating the sister of Hernandez's fiancee. He will ultimately end up at the maximum-security Souza-Baranowski state prison.
Clip shows Nancy Kanwisher, a professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, chopping at her shoulder-length bob with scissors. A graduate student then uses an electronic razor to shave the rest off, with piles of hair left on a bench in front of a projector. The short video was posted on the scientist's Brain Talks website, designed to teach people about the different methods of studying the brain.
AP McCoy won the Grade One Betfred Melling Chase at Aintree on Friday. McCoy rode Don Cossack to victory to the delight of a huge Ladies' day crowd. McCoy will ride Shutthefrontdoor in the Crabbie's Grand National on Saturday.
Saracens lost to Clermont in the Champions Cup semi-final in Saint-Etienne. Wesley Fofana scored a superb second-half try for the French side. Sarries fly half Charlie Hodgson missed two critical penalties. Saracens face Northampton in the Aviva Premiership final next Saturday.
Hayley Sandiford, 30, has been told she must get rid of her American bulldog Winston by the end of April or she will lose her house. The pet has attacked several terrified postmen in Blackburn, Lancashire. Angry neighbours have even left notes on her front door saying 'keep your devil dog away', she says. Winston's first trouble came in February last year after it bit an unnamed postman on the arm whilst being taken for a walk by his owner's nine-year-old son.
Gold Coast City Council will finally be able to shut down illegal party houses in suburban areas after the state government approved new planning powers. There are more than 700 party houses across the city, which are often used for unruly weekend-long parties that distress and terrify neighbours. The new powers, approved by Deputy Premier and Planning Minister Jackie Trad, means there is now an official and legal definition of a party house.
Liz Clark, 34, left her home in San Diego, California, when she was given a Cal 40 sailboat on the condition that she sail the globe and document her travels. The former bartender studied Environmental Studies at the University of California in Santa Barbara. She has travelled to Mexico, Guatemala, Nicaragua, Costa Rica, Panama and the Galapagos Islands.
Nike have been forced to defend their new kits for the US women's national team following outcry over the fact they do not represent the American flag. The latest design, which will be worn by the women's team at this summer's World Cup, features an all white strip with hints of black and yellow. The aqua colour cleats are a tribute to Canada who will be hosting the tournament. USA player Tobin Heath says she is 'proud' of the new designs.
Gabriel Ng spent three months filming scenes on the island of Ko Samui. He used a camera attached to a remote control drone to capture the scenes. The six-minute video shows the sun peeking over mountaintops and waterfalls. It also includes scenes from a street party and fireworks exploding just feet from the drone.
Mikel Gonzalez put Real Sociedad ahead after just 90 seconds with a deflected corner. Antoine Griezmann doubled the lead after 10 minutes with a header over Geronimo Rulli. Arda Turan hit the post for the hosts before Fernando Torres came on for the final 30 minutes. David Moyes' side had not conceded a goal in their previous four games.
Ronan Ghosh, 39, was filmed attempting to smuggle the goods out of the store. Company boss heads a global recycling company with a turnover of £16million. He lives in a £500,000 home in an exclusive neighbourhood and runs two BMWs. Court heard he was caught shoplifting after an argument with his girlfriend. His own barrister told the judge the offence 'beggars belief'
Danny Eckhart, a volunteer cop in St. Tammany Parish, Louisiana, is accused of taking a police patrol boat for a joy ride and then crashing it into a riverside bar. No one was injured in the crash. Eckhart faces charges of unauthorized use of a vehicle and operating a vehicle while intoxicated.
David Cameron suggested using jujitsu to 'put Nigel Farage on the floor' Tory leader took advice from martial arts pupils about best way to deal with Ukip leader. Mr Cameron later backtracked, insisting there will be 'no bodily contact' Ukip leader Nigel Farage said he was feeling 'pretty good' ahead of TV test.
Ben Parsons, 34, of Brighton, proposed to girlfriend Anna Jefferson, 36. She was watching him run with their children Nancy, three, and Thomas, 11 months. Ben carried the ring in his bum bag and waited to spot Anna in the crowd. Anna feared her boyfriend was struggling when he started to slow down. He then got down on one knee and popped the question.
Mo Farah will race over 1500 metres at the Birmingham Grand Prix in June. The double Olympic champion will step down in distance for Diamond League event. It will be the first time the 32-year-old has competed over 1500m since he broke the European record by clocking three minutes 28.81 seconds in Monaco in 2013.
Gruesome photographs are understood to have been taken near Tikrit in Iraq's Salah al-Din province. One of those distributing the images is a man claiming to be a British ISIS jihadi who goes by the nom de guerre Abu Bakr al-Britani. The exact crime the victim is accused of committing is not known, but images of his violent death were uploaded to Twitter saying he was a'sorcerer.
The Northern Territory’s Chief Minister Adam Giles and Minister for Children and Families John Elferink made the threat. It comes after a recent rise in youth crime in Alice Springs surrounding the Easter holidays. On Monday night, 42 people were taken into protective custody and 34 young people were driven home after a group of 50 young people threw ‘large rocks’ at police. Parents will also be fined $298 if their child is found on the streets during school hours.
Leonardo Jardim's Monaco face Juventus in the Champions League quarter-finals on Wednesday night. The principality club are bidding to overturn a 1-0 deficit from the first leg in Turin last week. Monaco have signed Radamel Falcao, James Rodriguez and Joao Moutinho since Dmitry Rybolovlev's takeover four years ago. The Russian billionaire has tightened the purse strings in recent seasons.
The money is paid to some 5.2million workers in the form of tax credits and other benefits. Total amount of benefits paid to staff at some companies exceeds what the firms pay in corporation tax, according to the study by Citizens UK. Charity is campaigning for the adoption of the Living Wage - £9.15 an hour in London and £7.85 for the rest of the UK.
Manchester City play Chelsea in the first leg of the FA Youth Cup final. The match kicks off at 7.45pm on Monday night and will be shown live on ITV4. The second leg takes place next Monday at Stamford Bridge. Both teams are packed with talented players eager to make an impression in front of the TV cameras and stake their claim for first-team involvement.
BBC investigation claims branded painkillers are just using 'clever marketing' UK over-the-counter medicines market is worth £2.5 billion, with brands vying for attention. Dr Chris Van Tulleken warns we should think less about convenience and more about the effectiveness of medicines.
Alison Saunders was encouraged by two aides to charge Labour peer. Clare Montgomery QC and child abuse expert Eleanor Laws QC offered advice which could have supported a move to prosecute. Mrs Laws pointed to overwhelming evidence and horrific corroborating accounts provided by victims during the exhaustive police inquiry. But Mrs Saunders decided it was not in the public interest to put Lord Janner in the dock due to his advanced Alzheimer's.
London Mayor launches personal assault on rival on BBC's Andrew Marr Show. Miliband laughs off attack, saying: 'Come on Boris, you're better than that' Mr Johnson insists Labour can't take power without support of SNP. He said Mr Miliband would have to take help from Scottish party 'crouching on his back like a monkey'
Lorraine Valentine, 42, suffers from erythropoietic protoporphyria (EPP) It causes her skin to burn and become unbearable itchy when exposed to sunlight. A holiday abroad left the mother-of-four in hospital for six days. Her sun allergy means she has to keep herself completely covered. Even a small dose of sun on her skin leaves her in pain.
Barack Obama made an unannounced visit to the Bob Marley museum in Kingston. He is in the country for a meeting with Caribbean leaders. The building was home to Marley until his death in 1981 and was converted into a museum. One of the rooms held the late reggae star's platinum records and a Grammy award.
The T-shirts are sold in US and UK stores including Zazzle, Look Human and North Shore Shirts. They feature phrases such as 'I heart my stalker' and 'Some people call it stalking. I call it love!' The Suzy Lamplugh Trust said they play into people's fear of being laughed at, which prevents victims from seeking help with stalkers.
Walter Scott was killed by a police officer in North Charleston, South Carolina, last week. His funeral was open to the public, with hundreds of mourners in attendance. The head of the church said the officer who killed Scott was a "disgrace" to the department.
Wedding planners have been seen carrying trees into Dunblane Cathedral. The decoration was first seen at the royal wedding in 2011, when trees lined the aisle at the end of each pew in Westminster Abbey. Local shops and shop owners are preparing their shop fronts to reflect the great day. Messages to the happy couple are in many of the shop windows.
Lily Sharp, who lives in the UK, decided to play a joke on her mother. She pretended that she had allowed a stranger to enter their home. She then took the prank a step further by pretending that the intruder had her phone. She told her mother that the kidnapper would require £4000 for her return. After posting a photo of the messages on Twitter, Lily received 18,000 retweets and 25,000 favourites.
Wellington Silva signed for Arsenal in January 2011 for a fee of £3.5million. He has not been able to play for the club without a work permit. But on Tuesday, the Brazilian was granted a Spanish passport. The 22-year-old can now link-up with Arsene Wenger for pre-season.
Tottenham are tracking Dynamo Kiev forward Andriy Yarmolenko. Spurs have watched the 25-year-old extensively in recent weeks. Paris St-Germain are also watching the Ukrainian star. Tottenham are also keen on Everton winger Kevin Mirallas. Click here for more Tottenham transfer news.
Harold Henthorn, 59, was charged with the murder of his second wife, Toni Bertolet, 51, last November. Police have since reopened their investigation into the suspicious death of his first wife, Lynn Rishell, some 20 years earlier. Both women died in 'freak accidents' to which HenthORN was the sole witness. He was named as the sole beneficiary in a string of lucrative life insurance policies totaling $500,000 on the death of first wife and $4.5million on death of second wife. Now, newly filed documents have revealed that he is fighting for a $1.5m pay out from the policy taken out in July 2001
Dave Sim, 36, has put in months of training aboard his bright yellow Mark Three Chopper in preparation to ride all 2077 miles of the 2015 Tour de France route. The personal trainer from Southport, Merseyside, is hoping his stunt will inspire people to get out and ride themselves. Mr Sim said his Chopper is as close to standard as possible but required a better seat and tweaked brakes.
Oscar collided with Arsenal goalkeeper David Ospina in the 16th minute. The creative midfielder was taken to hospital at half time for checks. Jose Mourinho said Oscar was taken off due to 'possible concussion' Didier Drogba replaced the Brazilian at the break. Click here for more Chelsea news.
Crystal Palace beat Manchester City 2-1 at Selhurst Park on Saturday. Co-chairman Steve Parish posed for a picture with Roy Hodgson and Bill Wyman, one of the original members of The Rolling Stones. Wyman has been an avid Palace fan for 68 years, having attended his first game aged 10.
Middlesbrough beat Rotherham United 2-0 in the Championship on Saturday. Lee Tomlin opened the scoring with a fine solo effort in the 50th minute. Patrick Bamford doubled the Teesiders' lead on 66 minutes with a cool left-footed finish. However, the on loan Chelsea star failed to add to his tally late on when he saw his penalty saved.
The rainbow caves are given their various colours by light refracting through the ice - with the thicker the ice, the more emerald they appear. The caves are found near the Mutnovsky volcano, 45 miles (72km) south of the regional capital of Petropavlovsk-Kamchatsky. They were captured by local guide and photographer Denis Budkov. He trekked inside the dangerous caves - which could collapse at any moment - to capture the colourful scenes.
Tomas Berdych beat Juan Monaco 6-3, 6-4 in the Miami Open quarter-finals. The Czech will now face Andy Murray in a rematch of the Australian Open semi-final which Murray won in four sets. The match will be the first time the pair have met since the 2014 Australian Open.
Lexy Wood, 13, and her brother Nick, 16, disrupted a movie screening in Bessemer, Alabama. Mother Kyesha Smith Wood, 36, found out about the incident from her son. She turned to social media to try and find the woman and apologize to her for her daughter's behavior and pay for her next trip out of her children's allowance. The post was shared by thousands of people, prompting the mother in question, Rebecca Boyd, to write her a message. Mrs Wood and Mrs Boyd ended up meeting at the end of March and now share a bond. Boyd said that the apology and aftermath of the encounter'reminded me that there are still good people in the
Judd Trump beat Stuart Carrington 10-6 in the first round of the World Championship. The 25-year-old led 7-2 from Wednesday before Carrington fought back. Trump will now face Marco Fu in the next round. Mark Selby beat Anthony McGill 10-3 in his second round match.
James Holmes is accused of killing 12 people and injuring or maiming 70 others in 2012. Opening statements in his trial are scheduled to begin Monday. Holmes says he was insane at the time of the shootings, and that is his legal defense and court plea. Prosecutors aren't swayed and will seek the death penalty.
14-year-old boy from Blackburn, Lancashire, arrested on suspicion of terrorism. He allegedly communicated with Australian men over a plan to attack police. Greater Manchester Police tipped off Australian authorities who swooped. Five men from Melbourne were arrested over the planned attack. Police are now working to shore up security for Anzac Day events.
Sean Bowen maintained his three-winner lead (45-42) over Nico de Boinville in the fiercely contested Conditional Jockeys title race. Both had one success on Monday. Bowen scored on Abidjan at Newton Abbot while De Boinvill was victorious on One Lucky Lady at Kempton.
Dr. Anthony Moschetto faces criminal solicitation, conspiracy, burglary, arson, criminal prescription sale and weapons charges. He was released after posting $2 million bond and surrendering his passport. Two other men -- identified as accomplices -- have pleaded not guilty in Nassau County District Court.
Yaya Toure has hinted that he is open to leaving Manchester City. The Ivorian midfielder is wanted by Inter Milan boss Roberto Mancini. City are likely to try and sell the 31-year-old this summer. CLICK HERE for all the latest Manchester City news.
The We Are Handsome Activewear show was held at White City Tennis Club in Paddington on Tuesday night. It featured real life fitness influencers Lindy Klim, Sjana Earp, Amanda Bisk, and Juliette Burnett. The models carried tennis rackets, volleyballs, and skipping ropes as they walked the border of the tennis court showcasing high-tech sports-luxe fabrications.
Threat against flight 826 from Cologne Bonn to Milan's Malpensa airport. Tower in Cologne immediately alerted the pilot of the Airbus A320. Instead of taking off the pilot steered the plane to a different part of the airport. A total of 132 people were aboard the plane, including 126 passengers and six crew members.
Designers Becky Cooper and Bridget Yorston - aka Bec and Bridge - unveiled their new swimwear line on the catwalk at Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia on Monday. The 120 piece ready-to-wear collection was inspired by Seventies model Veruschka and the 1970s period in Marrakech. Animal prints and metallics feature heavily in the collection.
Of the 446 people on board the Italian rescue vessel, the navy said 59 of them were children. They were dropped off in the Sicilian port of Augusta today after their smuggler boat was picked up off the coast of the Italian mainland. Their parents had gambled everything to seek a new life in Europe and on this occasion they were lucky it didn't end in tragedy.
Lesley Jonathon Cameron was jailed for life on Tuesday for the horrific December 2013 murder of Maureen Anne Horstman, 67, and her 26-year-old daughter Tamara. Cameron, who was 19 and at the time, also raped Tamara but it is not known if she was alive or dead. A used condom with DNA evidence was found after the incident. Cameron's lawyer Dominic Brunello said it was an unplanned and chaotic attack and Cameron panicked. Justice Eric Heenan noted Cameron had a criminal record that was 'virtually without interruption' since he was 10.
The Cleveland 'house of horrors' survivors have written a book, being published on April 27. In an excerpt, published in People magazine this week, Amanda and Gina, revealed how they found the strength to survive imprisonment. Amanda Berry, 29, revealed in her first-person memoir about her abduction and imprisonment by Ariel Castro, that she was left confused by conflicted feelings towards him. Gina DeJesus, 25, also shared the details of her horrifying ordeal in a new memoir, also being published later this week.
IPCC to investigate claims former Met chief failed to hand over key information to Macpherson Inquiry regarding black teenager’s race hate killing. Lord Stevens was deputy commissioner of Met from 1998 to 2000 before serving five years as UK's most senior policeman. Watchdog probe stems from complaint from Stephen's father Neville Lawrence. Complaint concerns a letter in which Lord Stevens stated that no officer or former officer involved in giving evidence was under investigation for corruption.
Edinson Cavani says he will stay at Paris Saint-Germain until his contract expires. Manchester United have been linked with a move for the Uruguayan forward. But Cavani insists there is 'too much talk' about his future in Paris. PSG owner Nasser Al-Khelaifi has ruled out selling the striker.
Lucas Akins scored both goals in Burton's 2-1 win at Morecambe. Shrewsbury are just one win away from a return to League One. Bury set a new club record of seven straight away wins by beating Portsmouth 1-0. Carlisle secured their Football League status with 2-0 win against Plymouth. Cambridge and Mansfield are also safe despite the U's winning their encounter at the Abbey Stadium 3-1. Luton's win moved them level on points with Plymouth, who hold the fourth play-off spot.
Thomas Bjorn's shot landed in the lap of a female fan during the first round of the Masters. Russell Henley shot 68 as he made a good start to his second Masters. Erik Compton drew a picture of himself playing at Augusta during his younger years. 2014 Masters champion Bubba Watson remains in the hunt to win the Masters after a respectable 71.
Filmmaker Michael König from Cologne, Germany has created an amazing video showing solar activity. It was made by stitching together footage from Nasa's Solar Dynamics Observatory over five years. Highlights of the video include large, bright tendrils extending outward from the sun’s surface and occasionally crashing down again - known as solar prominences. Transits of the moon, Venus and Earth across the sun, as observed from the SDO, are also seen. Towards the end of the film, Comet Lovejoy can be seen passing the sun in December 2011.
Joel Edgerton's great grand-uncles were on the battlefield in Gallipoli 100 years ago. Nicole Kidman's great-grandfather, Edward Glenny, worked as a private in the military running the wireless communications during WWI. Geoffrey Rush's great uncle, James Thomas Rush, served in the 15th Infantry Battalion of the Australian Army. Naomi Watts' grandfather, Baden Charles Rush, was just 18 when he enlisted for WWI and served in Corps B of the Flying Corps. Service records for Albert Jacka - the first Australian to be decorated with the Victoria Cross - have also been uncovered. Ancestry.com will be opening the 12 million WWI records free
Dale and Debra Krein of Rogue River, Oregon, filed suit in 2012. Claimed their lives have been plagued by neighbors' Tibetan mastiffs. John Updegraff and Karen Szewc started breeding dogs in 2002. Canines would bark until 5am and throughout the day just 300 feet from Kreins. Jury ruled dogs should have vocal chords removed within 60 days.
Body of Charmain Adusah, 41, was discovered by hotel staff face down in a bath. Her husband, Eric Isaiah Adusahs, is a self-proclaimed prophet and evangelical preacher. He is being held in police custody in the African country on suspicion of murdering the former NHS radiography assistant.
Kelly Parsons, 35, from London, has donated 50 of her eggs to help childless couples conceive. In the space of 11 months, the dental nurse's eggs have become twin girls, twin boys and a baby boy. The mother-of-two injected herself twice a day with drugs to stop her period and stimulate her ovaries.
38-year-old Liana Barrientos pleaded not guilty on Friday based on charges that she married 10 men over 11 years and charged a fee for her'services. The judge told her to stay out of trouble but that she allegedly used an emergency exit door at a Bronx subway station instead of paying for a metro card. She was granted the new charge of theft of service, and was released without any bail being set. Her niece’s case was also dismissed. At one time she was married to eight men simultaneously. All of her marriages took place in New York state.
Jamie Pettingill was found guilty of stealing six mobile phones. The 26-year-old robbed two women, a man and two schoolboys of their phones, and sold them to fund a gambling addiction. In the most serious incident he flashed a knife at a schoolboy, telling him 'Don't f**k with me, I'll cut your f**king face off', as he stole the boy's mobile phone. He avoided jail time, with the judge fearing his surname would bring him unwanted attention in prison. His father, Trevor, was acquitted of shooting two police constables in Melbourne's infamous 1988 Walsh Street murders. The family inspired the 2010 Australian film Animal Kingdom.
The 18-year-old was hit over the head 20 times with a rock and dragged into a garden where she was raped by the man and left for dead. The unidentified victim will speak out in tonight's episode of Crimewatch in which she tells reporters she is too scared to sleep for fear of reliving the ordeal in her dreams. West Yorkshire Police have released a new e-fit of the attacker, based on the victim's description.
Chelsea beat Manchester City 3-1 in the Youth Cup final at the Academy Stadium. Tammy Abraham scored twice to give Chelsea the lead in the first half. Isaac Buckley-Ricketts and Christian Soalnke scored for City. Dominic Solanke scored late on to put a gloss on the scoreline.
